website/integrations: Update Zammad SAML Instructions (#14774)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/zammad/index.md

    - Set the **Issuer** to <kbd>https://<em>zammad.company</em>/auth/saml/metadata</kbd>.
    - Set the **Audience** to <kbd>https://<em>zammad.company</em>/auth/saml/metadata</kbd>.
    - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.

>     - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, select an available Signing Certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, select an available signing certificate.
```

- **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Download certificate file

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator, and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the provider that you created in the previous section (e.g. `Provider for zammad`).
3. Under **Related objects** > **Download signing certificate **, click on **Download**. This downloaded file is your certificate file and it will be required in the next section.

## zammad Setup

Configure Zammad SAML settings by going to settings (the gear icon), and selecting `Security -> Third-party Applications` and activate `Authentication via SAML` and change the following fields:

> - Display name: authentik

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Display name**: authentik
```

> - IDP SSO target URL: https://authentik.company/application/saml/zammad/sso/binding/post/
> - IDP single logout target URL: https://authentik.company/application/saml/zammad/slo/binding/redirect/
> - **IDP Certificate**: paste the contents of your certificate file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **IDP SSO target URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/sso/binding/post/`
- **IDP single logout target URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/slo/binding/redirect/`
- **IDP Certificate**: paste the contents of your certificate file.
```

> - IDP certificate fingerprint: empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **IDP certificate fingerprint**: Leave this empty.
```

Reviewer: If it's just an extra step, might it be best to ask the user to paste the fingerprint?

Author: Zammad will use **either** the fingerprint or the certificate. So it is important that the user **does** paste the certificate and **does not** paste the fingerprint.

> - Name Identifier Format: `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Name Identifier Format**: `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`
```

> - If you want Zammad users to be created automatically the first time the sign in via Authentik, activate the **Automatic account link on initial logon** option 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic account link on initial logon**: Enable this to automatically create Zammad users when they sign in using authentik for the first time.
```

    - Set the **Issuer** to <kbd>https://<em>zammad.company</em>/auth/saml/metadata</kbd>.
    - Set the **Audience** to <kbd>https://<em>zammad.company</em>/auth/saml/metadata</kbd>.
    - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.

>     - Under **Advanced protocol settings**
>       - Add the two **Property Mappings** you created in the previous section
>       - Set the **NameID Property Mapping** to the name property mapping created in the previous section
>       - Select your Signing Certificate (the default is named `authentik Self-signed Certificate`)
>       - Be sure **Sign assertions** is active

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Under **Advanced protocol settings**:
      - **Property Mappings**: add the property mappings you created in the previous section.
      - **NameID Property Mapping**: set to the email property mapping created in the previous section
      - Select an available Signing Certificate,
```

Configure Zammad SAML settings by going to settings (the gear icon), and selecting `Security -> Third-party Applications` and activate `Authentication via SAML` and change the following fields:

- Display name: authentik
- IDP SSO target URL: https://authentik.company/application/saml/zammad/sso/binding/post/
- IDP single logout target URL: https://authentik.company/application/saml/zammad/slo/binding/redirect/

> - Download your IDP certificate from https://authentik.company/if/admin/#/crypto/certificates
>   - Copy the entire contents into the IDP certificate box, including the `----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----` and `----END CERTIFICATE----` lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **IDP Certificate**: paste the contents of your `certificate file`
```

- IDP certificate fingerprint: empty

> - Name Identifier Format: <kbd>urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress</kbd>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Name Identifier Format: `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress`
```
